Adjust sentence in loop over items node (#2882)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.splitinbatches.md

## When to use the Loop Over Items node

> By default, n8n processes the items sent to each node one at a time. Depending on what you're trying to achieve, you often don't need the Loop Over Items node in your workflow. You can learn more about how n8n processes multiple items on the [looping in n8n](/flow-logic/looping.md) page.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, n8n nodes process input items one at a time. Depending on what you're trying to achieve, you often don't need the Loop Over Items node in your workflow. You can learn more about how n8n processes multiple items on the [looping in n8n](/flow-logic/looping.md) page.
```
